welcome to another painting
demonstration I'm glad you could join me
to die this is just a clear water as
usual just lubricating the piper i'm
using my usual palette of cottman
watercolors it's ultramarine lemon
yellow Payne's gray raw Sienna burnt
umber and light red this is just raw
Sienna going on first
front in the sky and in the grain if you
just helps keep see the colors more
harmonious
clean brush and this is ultramarine the
sky is basically the sky area that you
can see join the clouds brushing it down
into the ground cuz is going to be some
water at the bottom it's actually Brent
now by a burner and somerset i'm using
the hairdryer I think I wet the piper
slightly too much the pint starting to
drip down the page a bit too much so I'm
not drawing it completely just enough
i'm just leaving it wet enough so that
the brent now the hill in the background
is still blending the eight yo eat there
won't be any hard edges that it just
looks a bit more bit misty which makes
it look more interesting
these are just the sky colors on the
brush use the sky colors and you in the
distant Hills it just makes it more
realistic adults push it back further
into the distance again try not to go
over the same piece of paper more than
once with a stroke you lose all those
little light lighter areas that just
does create interest
just mix in some greens at the moment
these are just some distant trees that
live at the base of the hill
just fed in the solid color slightly not
too much so I still any similar tone to
the hell itself because they're still
pretty far away
she's fearless mixes of its most of the
scott colors again with a bit of lemon
yellow mixed in but not so much
now there's a lot more lemon yellow in
that one you can see I with these much
lighter green because it's more in the
foreground just warming it up it's
generally warmer colors in the
foreground and call the colors in the
distance just helped create that sense
of depth so these are more these trees
clo because they put more into the
foreground I can start to think about
put in a few twigs and branches with
with the with the finger you wouldn't do
these in those distance trees because
you can't see detail all out of that
sort of distance
just print a little bit I'm just
scratching out here fit some fence posts
just put down some dark color and just
scratching some fence post with your
little finger you it's a very simple
effect very simple them why but it's
really effective
it's going to be a pond in the
foreground so I'm just working my way
down the page
just various mixes of the basis of the
Greens the green colors ultramarine
lemon yellow Pines gray and raw Sienna
is failing the color strong keep it
interesting
you can say I'm coming down to that
little air theatre of blue that I put in
at the start that over that'll be part
of the pond and it will give the
effective movie of the this the blue in
the sky reflection in the water I've
just find it a lot easier to do that
rather very start the painting in to try
and do it afterwards
again just coming down out with the
greens where it's going to meet the top
of the pond
as I said before only just trying to go
over the piece of paper with just the
one stroke unless you've got a specific
reason to do so
sweeping in out of the foreground bank
of the pun this is not where the modern
the reeds go darker color that was
pretty much ultramarine and burnt umber
mix
again this is another darker mix of
burnt umber and ultramarine this is just
the the mud banks around the pond just a
few flicks grass just a bit rough it up
just darkening little pieces here in
their freaking it up with a striper
brush to create the effect of reeds and
grassy is one of you just finishing it
off with a few more flicks remember
that's why we do and that's Brent null
thanks for watching I'll see you again